my name is alejandro gonzález quevedo and
forward game
we meet every Sunday hours
fixed every Sunday water caimanera
in front of the house and told me that he
he wanted to play that he wanted to donate and he
when he started playing with his ball
February on the street and that's where
We decided to enroll him in a school
football since I saw it with a ball
because it is always told me I want to be
soccer player
when he has class that was millán
in the afternoon, sometimes at four o'clock and
half five I have to wait what he
leave I leave half an hour early in case the
saler took her purse in the van you
I have everything ready
she takes me for training me
take the camp here with me in all
in the good and in the navy and I
supports every day we talk to him
I ask when it comes out of practices how
it was you that he told you sometimes very
quiet but always sometimes tells me
sits with me on accounts
It works very well in the field and does not
it is neither technically nor tactically
period required with the coach
during the case with my person what
I see how playing in other institutes
great because it has enough freedom
in fact the practice of monagas sport
club with its 18 with the second
practiced selection of monagas
What more satisfaction do we know?
what
that there is a hope that there is a
possibility that he may dabble
in one in a top league in a league
of more prestige as is the league
Spanish when that is the challenge that
we have to get to him to play in the
real madrid
has a good planning manuel goes
achieve everything he all that
propose that always my word and
always prepare them psychologically
if it does not stay it does not matter because it was a
challenge to get here nothing else was a
experience for him
I appreciate the opportunity to my
moms and my older brother that I
lie hour the soccer of small
first god why
in which you can do all things and
good and we could not leave out the
polar companies because they were the ones
they also offered that support, they are
the companies that one wants here that
help them contribute to the growth of
our Venezuelan football so that
our national football can continue
advancing can continue to grow that we
missing things to correct yes but those
are the companies that we do
clubs sports institutions
we need them so that our
boys will develop and follow
advancing football